
song_downloader.py


🎵 Bollywood Songs Downloader 📥
Overview
The Bollywood Songs Downloader is a Python script that lets you download your favorite Bollywood songs effortlessly from YouTube. It takes a list of song titles, searches for them on YouTube, and downloads the best audio quality version to your specified output directory.

Features
✨ Easy to Use: Simply provide a list of song titles, and the script does the rest.

🌟 Quality Matters: Downloads songs in the best audio quality available.

🔍 Smart Search: Utilizes the YouTube Data API to find the most relevant video for each song.

📂 Organized Storage: Saves downloaded songs to your specified directory for easy access.

How to Use
Prepare Your List: Create a text file (songsss.txt) containing the titles of the songs you want to download.

Set Your Output Directory: Specify your desired output directory where the downloaded songs will be saved.

Run the Script: Execute the script, and it will search for each song on YouTube and save it to your directory.

Getting Started
To get started, make sure you have the following installed:

Python
yt-dlp (an improved version of youtube-dl)
requests
Beautiful Soup
Usage Example
Create songsss.txt with song titles:

Copy code
Song Title 1
Song Title 2
Specify your output directory:

python
Copy code
output_directory = 'E:/downloaded_songs'
Run the script:

shell
Copy code
python bollywood_songs_downloader.py
The script will download your favorite Bollywood songs to the specified directory.

Enjoy your music! 🎶








main.py

🚀 Web Scraping Magic: Extract Text from Websites by Class 📜
This Python script performs web scraping magic! It allows you to effortlessly extract text from websites by specifying a target class attribute. Whether you're after headlines, product names, or any text with a specific class, this script has got you covered. It's powered by the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries, making it easy and efficient to use.

Key Features:

Easy to Use: Simply input the website URL and the target class attribute you want to extract.
Error Handling: The script gracefully handles common HTTP response errors and exceptions.
Customizable: Adapt it for your needs by modifying the class attribute or extending its functionality.
How to Work Your Magic:

Input the URL of the website you want to scrape.
Specify the class attribute associated with the text you're interested in.
Watch the script work its magic! It displays the extracted text from elements with the specified class.
Example Use Case:

Imagine you want to create a news aggregator. Use this script to scrape headlines from various news websites. Input the URL and the class attribute for headlines, and voilà! You've got the latest news at your fingertips.

Note:

Make sure you have the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries installed before running the script.
While this script focuses on extracting text content based on a class attribute, you can adapt it for more complex data scraping tasks.
Get ready to work your web scraping magic with this script. Happy coding and may your data be ever in your favor! 🪄✨
